---
layout: post
title: "Week 10: More Contributions Occurred and Are Currently Occurring Behind the Scenes" 
---
# Back and Better 
We are back from Spring Break! A week passed by so quickly. Nevertheless, we do have updates on what we have been working on Spicetify! 
## Second Successful PR! 
So we have made more progress! We have made another successful pull request with a contributing doc! This is super exciting because now the repo will have a contributing file that will allow for people to know how to contribute to the project. This was an important feature that was missing in the repo. For now, we believe that our contributions in documentation is finished. There is not much left and they seem to not want to have a code of conduct. Perhaps, in te future, they would like to adopt one. Either way, at least we tried to contribute a code of conduct.

> **_NOTE:_** Although having a code of conduct can provide for a safe and inviting environment and more projects are adopting one, there are projects that do not deem having a code of conduct valuable or they haven't had any issues that require a code of conduct! 

<!--more-->
# Future contributions
We have two projects that we are going to be working at the same time: an extension and a theme! 
## Themes
Our next steps for this project is to contribute with themes and extensions. Themes allows for users to use their Spotify in a different light. That can be in a new color from red to beige or even how things are being clicked. Themes can also be based on a specific theme like cats or cars. Themes, overall, are meant to allow for users to be comfortable using Spotify and make them want to continue tto use Spotify. Customization and personalization is getting more popular nowadays and adding a theme can help users change their Spotify quickly! For now, we do not know what type of theme it will be, however, we do know that we want to make a theme that multiple people can use thus we will look into the layout design. 

## Extensions 
We are also trying to create an extension! This is really exciting news beccause we want to create an extension that students, working professionals, and any other pople can use if they want some down time and focus music. Our extension is called Study Bangers. Our extension currently has a [repo](https://github.com/ossd-s24/spicetify-study-bangers). We currently have a possible wireframe. Now we are going to design how the backend will work.

Hopefully we will have more updates next week!<br/>

See you next time, <br/>
Julissa