---
layout: post
title: "Week 1: Learning FOSS"
---

## Open Source: 

Open Source to me means the ability to have open code aka the ability to do (mostly) whatever you want with the code. However, Open Source is difficult to wrap around one's mind, espeically because it is often loosely interchanged with free source. 

Open Source vs Closed Source: PROS FOR OPEN SOURCE
- Make it your own: Some advantages of open source when compared to closed source is the ability to customize the source code because it is open to everyone. 
- Big community: Furthermore, it is not tied to a specific community, such as a group of developers in a company that is trying to improve a certain program. The open source community is open and wide across the world. 
- Support Help: Therefore, because the open source community is diverse and can be from everywhere, it is a lot easier to get help. Open source projects are perfect to practice coding and contributing. You get to create your own network of other developers passionate about the project.  

Open Source vs Closed Source: CONS FOR OPEN SOURCE
- Support Help: Although there are more hands to help support a developer, the support level that one developer can give might vary from another. 
- Open: Anyone can use the source, for both good and bad. 
- Documentation level: Because anyone can help support the source code and use it, the documentation expectation might not always be on par with closed source. 
- Existing, unapproved changes: There might be a lot of pulls, however, developers can sometimes miss approving or checking the changes for a bug, especially if it is not important. 

Open Source vs Closed Source: PROS FOR CLOSED SOURCE
- Support Help: The support that one receives for a source code is consistent and quick. 
- Training: You can get training on how to use the program. 

Open Source vs Closed Source: CONS FOR CLOSED SOURCE
- Expensive: Most of the time closed source is more expensive than open source 
- Less Creativity: The guidelines are stricting on what you can do with the source code and how you can work with the source code. You are often stuck with what the developer has developed. 



## Why did I register for a class that is about open source software development? 
Experience, experience, and experience. I want to know what it means to contribute to an open source project, and I want to contribute to a place where there is a big supportive communitive. Open source projects are great to create your own network. I also wanted to make my github more colorful (have a lot of more contributions and action happening). 

## Projects: 
Four Open Source Projects that I regularly use: 
1. Firefox: I use Firefox on the daily, along with Chrome. What I really like about Firefox is that there is a built-in enhanced tracking protection. It is also seems faster, espeically because it doesn't allow for videos to autoplay.
2. Blender: I used Blender for Drawing on the Web, and it was challenging but fun to use in the beginning. I got the opportuntity to create a 3D frog for my 3d swamp animation. 
3. GIMP: Adobe Illustration is expensive to use, especially if you don't use it often. Therefore, an alternative that I often use is GIMP. Although it takes time to get used to it, once you are accustomed to it, you realize that it has similar features to Adobe Illustration for FREE.
4. Python: Python was the first programming language that I learned at NYU. I used it for the Intro to Programming course. I also used it for my NLP class that I took during the Fall 2023 semester.
5. Wikipedia: Anytime that I want to know the ending of a movie without watching the full movie, I usually search it up and go to the Wikipedia page associated to it. Most of the time, the plot outline was exactly how it happened in the movie. 