---
layout: post
title: "Week 4: Firefox Extension is Up and Running" 
---

# First Group Work of the SEMESTER
This was my first group work of the Spring Semester, and I enjoyed it! It was fun creating a Firefox extension that I could potentially use in the future. The number one thing that I learned about working in a group setting is that your group depends on how fast or slow things occurs. Throughout my college experience, group works were kept a minimum. Most of the times, any projects that were given out were individual projects. However, my experience with this group project was pleasant. Things were working, and I didn't have to worry about things not getting done and potentially me doing them in the future. Responsibilties were given out in the beginning, and they were achieved well. But, this project did make me learn more about myself and team-work. 

## Pull Requests Reviews are not that terrifying...
Before this project, reviewing pull requests was one of my nightmares. What if I accepted a pull request and it messed up things? Even though I knew that everything could be reversed if something bad happened, the fear still lingered. For this project, I had the opportunity to do a few code reviews, and it was fun. I got to see what was done, how it was implemented, and if anything could be improved. 

<!--more-->
## Planning before hand == Great Team Work Progress
Meeting before hand to get the logistics done really helped create the extension. We went over what type of extension we wanted to create, who is going to do what, what type of files we needed, and by when we wanted everything to be done by. This planning before hand allowed for the processs to be smooth. We also let each other know what we did and the pull requests that we made as a double reminder. The project was enjoyable to do! 

# Design, Design, and Design 
My role for the extension had more to do with the design and front-end. I did the ReadME, HTML, CSS, and contributing files. I took the time to design the extension to have an aesthetically pleasing look to it that was not overwhelming but more calming. The colors were chosen carefully as well as the fonts and how things were going to positioned as. The icons that were used for the extension was another part that I took my time because it was important to find icons that I could use and know how to provide attributions for them. The ReadME and contributing files were files that were the most interesting to me, and, thus, it was fun creating them. I got to envision what type of community TikTock should have. And my parts came together really well with what the rest of my group did. 

## Learn, Try, and Learn
I gained more confidence with GitHub! The more updates I rolled out, the more confident I became with GitHub. I also realized that my passion for designing has not dissipated. I enjoyed designig the extension; it reminded me when I took Intro to Web Design. I also learned more about icons and how to choose which icons and from where. 

## StudyTool 
StudyTool was great! The presentation was fun and chaotic (in the best way). The personalities of the makers of the extension really shined through. There was comedic feel to it, which made me want to try the extension out for myself! 

> **_NOTE:_** If you would like to check out TikTock, click [here](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tiktock/). 

**See you next time!**