---
layout: post
title: "Week 15: Done with the Presentation but Not Done Contributing to Open Source" 
---

# Time Flew By - Senior Year is about to End ...
It is crazy how we finally got to present and the end is here! From when we started with the project and to where we ended, it is crazy what have done so far! Each group that presented expressed their passion for their project, and it was interesting how diverse each project and presentation was. I got to learn about different open source projects that are out there for me to potentially contribute to or start using. It was evidnt through the presentations also that each group struggled in the beginning, and that that is normal. Struggle is part of the growth and afterwards things slowly came together. Each group learned the benefits of contributing to the project as well know what they want to do in the future with the project. 

<!--more-->

# Study Banger is about to UPLOADED!!
Finishing the presentation truly marked the end of this semester. The only thing is to finish the reflection but that is it. I am glad that I chose this class. I feel that my skills have been expanded and that I had the opportunity to work as a team. My goal from the start was to contribute to something and that goal got accomplished. My group are about to publish the application to marketplace, and I am excited to see our work out there and potentially being used by others. This is the last update of the semester, and it is both exciting but sad. However, this won't be the end of my Github experience. Continue to look at my Github to see what is the new thing that I am coding and creating! 

For the last time,
Julissa 