---
layout: post
title: "Week 5: Social Good through Open Source Projects" 
---

# You're telling me I could have done this when I was way younger? 

Coding was not a possiblity as a child or as a high school student. Coding was a foreign language to me, yet, seeing these young children coding and doing something that will impact their community and society was heartwarming. It is incredible for these students to be immersed in these projects at such a young age. They get to learn how to collaborate, code, and what it means to be part of the STEM field. I didn't know open source was a thing when I was younger, which emphasizes on how we should start to change the education system. Students around the world can help make the world a bit better if only provided with the tools and the knowledge that things exist. 

## Make an impact in the health field
Group 1 videos were mainly about the human health. I was amazed by how open source are in devices that people use for their health everyday. The insulin software was really interesting because you saw the initiative that the people that are affected by diabetes get to create features and softwares that they and others can use. It made me want to create an app that others can use for their health. I got to see that you don't have to be a doctor, nurse, etc. to impact the health industry. 

## We can all be farmers *technically*

Group 2 videos were about being a "modern" farmer with the motto of "Anyone can be a farmer." It was shocking and not shocking to her that the average American farmer is 58. Yes, 58 years old. What will our future if all farmers are close to retiring? Thus, it was inspiring to hear that middle school students and people around the world working together to work on the production of food and plants. Computers collect the knowledge we have gained from over the years (thousands and thousands of years) and make it available for people to successfully grow their own plants and see how they grow. The Food Computer has the potential to change how we see and even grow food and further change our perspective of farmers. 

As I was watching the videos from both groups, I couldn't help but wonder the impact these groups can have if more people knew more about open source projects. 

## Computer Scientists = Work in Projects related to the Tech Field Right? 

A big conception that I used have was that because I am learning about CS, the only impact I have is in the tech field. But it is not true. My CS knowledge and skills can be used in a variety of ways, such as in the bio field, medical field, etc. One just needs to have the passion in the field that they are working in because it might take longer to understand what the project is working for. As a computer scientist, it is important to keep in mind data privacy and how to extract and use the data you receive from users. It is also important as a computer scientist to make other people aware that these projects are happening and others can participate in them. As a computer scientist, we often believe also that our contributions should only be done through code but we also can have impact through word of mouth! 

## Have I started to contribute? 
The last weeks has been a blur. I have learned more about git and open source projects. But all of this doesn't matter if I don't put this knowledge to practice. The good news: I have contributed! However, my journey of contributions has not been easy. 

1. REJECTION: Rejection hurts. But one type of rejection that still hurts is getting your changes on a Wikipedia page disregarded and deleted. Your hardwork is down the drain. The first time it happened, I was in shock. I didn't do anything incorrect. I checked how others did it. I changed the grammar and sentence structure which Wikipedia sees as a minor change. But the next day I looked, my changes were reversed. The more I looked into it, it was because there was only one person that accepts and doesn't accept the changes that one makes. The only changes that they accept are their own, which, in theory, is counterintuitive. No one is checking their changes. But nevertheless, that didn't stop me. 

> **_NOTE:_** If something doesn't work the first time, don't let it stop you.

2. Wikipedia and Open Source Projects: I have so far done a mix of contributions. One contribution in Wikipedia that was successful. I also contriubted to the class website github as well as did a pull request for an extension project another team did. Two out of the three contributions were successful. I am still waiting on a response for the extension project. 

### Proudest moment of this week: Creating a pull request for an extension. 
I felt proud of contributing to an extension project and make the features smoother for users to have a good experience with it. 

3. What's next?: I think I am going to contribute to Open Street Map sometime this week or next week. Hopefully everything goes well! 

**See you next time!**