---
layout: post
title: "Week 6: Excited to Contribute but Now What" 
---

# Open Source Projects - The Good and The Bad

## Finding a Project is like writing (sort of)
As an indecisive person, it's hard to write a good introduction or write at all. Most of the times, I write something and then delete it. This can occur for multiple reasons. 
1. I think I can do better: I believe I can write something better that captures the attention of my audience. 
2. I write just to write and feel nothing towards it: I write because I feel passionate about something. In this case, it would be my passion to code and work on projects that are helpful and can impact me and others. 
<!--more-->
You might be wondering: Isn't this blog about your journey in the open source world? The answer is yes. But I made this analogy to connect it with my experience in finding a project that I am passionate about. IT IS A LOT HARDER THAN IT LOOKS. I want to participate in a project that captures my beliefs and my attention. I also want to contribute to it because I am passionate about it and not for the sake of contributing passively. But, I have been productive in my adventure of finding open source projects. 

> **_NOTE:_** Be patient in this process of finding an open source you want to contribute. Take some time each day to do your research or else it will become overwhelming. 

## Possible choices for the future? 
As mentioned above, I have been doing my research on a few open source projects. What I looked into a project is something that inspires me to use it (if I am already not using it) or a project that can be about education. 

These are a few that caught my eye: 
1. Better Discord
2. Spicetify: I love Spotify. Spotify is the way I listen to music, but even though the design of Spotify is clean, I want to add my own personalization and this project allows me to potentially do that. 
3. Scholarsome: Quizlet is expensive. The free features are no longer sufficient to study. However, Scholarsome provides for an open source way to create digital flashcards in a simple but efficient way. 

# Will Everything Go Smoothly? 
I hope everything goes smoothly but like any projects, challenges are expected. I think the biggest challenges are getting the development environment set up and knowing how things work in the system. It will require a learning curve. I plan to overcome them by studying the major pages by looking at past pull requests and following the development instructions closely. Missing a step can effect how the environment is downloaded. If I need any help, I will also reach out! There are contributors that have more knowledge of the project and they can most likely help me. 

Until next time, 
Julissa