---
layout: post
title: "Week 11: Open Source in Different Industries and What We Know on Our Group Projects" 
---

# Open Source in a Different Light
When I first began this class, open source was unknown. The more I think about it, it is unknown because people do not talk about it enough and people do not know about it enough. One knowing about open source is based on your connections and your environment. Nevertheless, after doing my own researh of open source projects and reading about those that are shown in class, it is evident that open source projects are happening but it is based on where you look for them. Projects that you use might be open source themselves like p5.js. I learned and used p5.js in a class called Code! and I never thought that the language was open-source. Open source is not only in projects that students use but that companies use like Linux, NumPy, TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, etc. Each video highlights the impact that open source has made in the industry and has changed how industries look at open source project and think about innovation and development. 

<!--more-->
## Exploring the Role of Open Source Software in Modern Enterprises
Companies are now increasingly turning to open source projects to be more efficient, create new innovations, and even reduce the costs. Moreover, companies are being less afraid of using open source projects and implementing them in their system. Before companies were afraid of using open source. One of the reasons is due to security purposes because anybody can code and make pull requests. But the types of companies that are using open source projects aren't only tech companies. It is also companies in the entertainment industry like Netfix. Netflix have adopted open source technologies to create animations and more. They are becoming an open sourcce platform leader. I would not have expected companies like Netflix to use open source projects. The reason why I am not sure but it passed my mind. I would have expected companies like Google or Meta that are more tech centered. However, the videos made me think about the relationship between the industry and open source projects. Is it considered symbiotic? I think it is. The industry can allow for open source projects to be used and innovated. There is a possiblity to contribute to the open source ecosystem and benefit and beneft from its resources.

### Inner Source
Inner source was another phrase that I haven't heard before. Inner source is using open source development practices and culture but its for non-open-source or even proprietary software. This is convenient for companies that would like to create their own software but allow for the whole company to contribute to the production of the software. It is a smart use of approaching development and proceed with innovation. 

# Reflecting on Our Group's Progress
Our progress have been significant! We are almost done creating a theme. We have the set up done and know what the type of colors we want to put. Nevertheless, we still are trying to figure out what else to put in the theme. As mentioned in the last post, we want to make a theme people would like to use for their own Spotify. We have a few ideas and more will come! For the extension, we are beginning to work on it. We have the idea but now it is just the code. The biggest surprise for the project is that they use Discord a lot, however, they don't answer on it for those that are asking about the repo. They are selective. But it is important to note that it also depends on the question. If you ask a question about the product or how to create an extension, they answer but for other things, they do not. Another suprise is that it is easy to create a theme and extension. Anybody can do it! This makes customization easy and able to create a big impact on how people see their Spotify. The biggest challenge for me has been the pull request. Unfortunately, the pull request became stale but this was a lesson on how to communciate in open source projects.  

Until next time, <br/>
Julissa