---
layout: post
title: "Week 3: Getting to know more about Git" 
---

# Do I really GIT it? 
Git was something that I learned sophomore year during my Intro to Web Design class. At the time, Github was a bit scary and confusing. Which one do I do first: the commit or the add? As time went on, I became more comfortable to add, commit, and push in my own repo. When it came to collaborating with others in a Github repo, the story changed. It was still scary. How do I make sure I don't accidently change something completely? 

## Git Activity Made me Realize I do know Git Better than What I Believe
<!--more-->
The steps that I had to follow for the activity was easy. The only issue I had was when I selected SSH. It didn't work. Thus, I then selected HTTPS. HTTPS always worked for me, and it worked for me for this activity too. However, I realized that I need to get familiar with the Git terminology. Git remote -v was new for me. I never used it before. Therefore, it is important for me to immerse myself in the Git world to have a good understanding about version control and what I have to do to safely save files. 

### Goal of Spring 2023
1. Become more comfortable with working with Github

## First Official Extension Ever
I have never created an extension, much less a Firefox extension before, which makes this activity pretty exciting. Thus, my team (TEAM 9) and I really thought about what we wanted to create. At first, we were thinking simple, create an extension that has a button, and each time you press the button, you populate your web page with random pictures from an api. However, we wanted to use this Firefox extension on our own time. Therefore, we created TikTock. TikTock is an Pomodoro timer extension. 

### First Meeting
In our first meeting, we wanted to get the idea set out and who is going to be doing what. This meeting occurred on February 7. We also discussed what made a project open source and what we had to create to make it open source.

### Things that are done
1. Repo: we created the repo that we will be working on
2. README.md: Our open source project has a readme file that has the description of our project, features that the extension has, and important links because we know readme files are usually the first thing people look into. 
3. Authors.md: We wanted to let people know who started the project!
4. OPEN SOURCE LICENSE: This was really important to have! In the end, we chose the MIT license because it was the license we were most familiar with and saw often. 

### Things that are still to be done
1. JavaScript
2. Contributors file
3. Code of Conduct file
4. Testing of Extension

## How am I contributing 
Since this is my first extension, I wanted to stick with my roots and focus mainly on the HTML and CSS. I love designing! I enjoy making things look aesthetically pleasing as well as functional. Therefore, I contributed the HTML and CSS. So far, I have completed the HTML and CSS. We are currently doing a simple design of TikTock just for the sake of time. However, if we finish the to-do list before the weekend ends, then we will expand upon the HTML and create sliders allowing for the users to choose how long they want to work and have a break for. My biggest contributions in this project was designing the extension, implementing the design in HTML and CSS, creating the presentation that outlines what TikTock is and how we get the inspiration for it, and created the README.file. 

**We hope people use our Firefox extension in the end!**
