---
layout: post
title: "Week 2: Preparing and Learning How to Contribute to an Open-Source Project" 
---

## Decoding the Code of Conduct:
In this week's episode, we learned about Codes of Conduct. As we inspected each Code of Conduct from Go to Eclipse, there were noticeable differences between all of them. Some showed the community's culutre like Go. Others were more professional and corporate like [Eclipse](https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php). All created a different mood and atmosphere for those who were reading their Code of Conduct. But, one key point that was common in all was that emphasis on responsiiblities and that anyone can contribute to the project. No discrimination was allowed or permitted.

## To Create or Not Create a Code of Conduct? 
<!--more-->
For me, a Code of Conduct holds a lot of value to it. For one, the [Go's Code of Conduct](https://go.dev/conduct#:~:text=Treat%20everyone%20with%20respect%20and,mail%20conduct%40golang.org.) file was refreshing to see. The language was close to being informal and fun to read. It made me want to become a Gopher. Eclipse, on the other hand, created a different atmosphere. It was more serious. Although I felt that if I contributed to Eclipse, I would be protected, at the same time, it made me more cautious to contribute. What if I make a mistake by accident? Code of Conduct lets the contributers know, if it is well-developed and detailed, what you can and can't do, and what would happen to you if you did something wrong. For me, a Code of Conduct is a helpful document, sets the tone of what to expect as a contributer and gives you a guidance on how to properly act within the communnity. 

## Are Codes of Conduct for Everyone? 
> **NOTE**
> 
> Not all projects have a Code of Conduct, although the number of projects that have them are increasing. 

I would be willing to work on a project that does not have a Code of Conduct as long as the community and the project are what I am looking for. To know how the community is, one does not necessarily need to read the Code of Conduct. You can see by how they respond to questions and how they resolve arguments. Code of Conduct is just one tool of many that a possible contributer can look into to see how the community acts towards contributors. 

### Guardians of the Code of Conduct
It's is hard to implement the Code of Conduct. Just because a person read the Code of Conduct does not mean that they will implement what the Code of Conduct says. *Is it the responsiblity of a person or the whole community to abide and enforce the rules?* I believe a way to enforce the rules listed in the Code of Conduct for a given project would be for the community to be aware of what is happening and to report anything that they see that is not correct. Another way would be to have a committee that is dedicated to watching the discussions occurring and can take action for actions that are not correct or harmful. The enforcing of the guidelines is a much harder task than writing the guidelines. 

**See you next time!**