---
layout: post
title: "Week 7: Origins of Open Source and Finding a Project as a Group" 
---

# Exploring the Roots of FOSS
The origins of FOSS is interesting and inspiring and unusual. It's crazy how companies were selling the hardware and not the software. The software came with the hardware but the user had to figure it out if they wanted a specific function.  Nowaday, everything has a price, and everything is sold. Something didn't work for a group of people, so they made the change they wanted to have. But even from the start, I notice that there was still a community. Everyone figured it out together because if one fixed and improved the software, then the hardware worked better for their needs which was beneficial to everyone. 
<!--more-->
## Who we do and we don't know
I didn't know anyone from the list before this class. Somebody would have asked me about Limor Fried, and I would have no idea who they were. Which is why the activity of knowing more about them was fun. I got to know about a part of the tech industry that was foreign to me. But the part that was interesting was the history of Richard Stallman. I wonder why he isn't as well known if it seems as if he has a similar inspiring story as Bill Gates or Steve Jobs. He was a pivotal person in the FOSS world. The people were also pretty inpsiring and come from different backgrounds. Karen Sandler was also another interesting person to read about. She received a law degree from Columbia Law School and helped co-found the Columbia Science and Technology Law Review. Her open source work has helped create the open source world more known, and it was due to advocation for it. It was evident that those who worked and still work in free/open source believe that a software and a project should have no limits, and that anyone capable of changing it and making it better (either for their own purposes or for the purposes of the project) should do so. This made me want to spread the word about FOSS more to those that I know. 

## Knowing what to do is the hard part
Learning about these FOSS people was inspiring and motivating. I am now going to be part of that sector, contributing files, ideas, or documentations to open source projects. But, choosing what and where to contribute to the hard part. On Wednesday, we got to be in our groups but it was hard to immediately pick a project. Everyone was contributing a project, and all of them sounded interesting. 15 minutes before the class ended, we had a list of 9 perpectivate candidates. Yet, 9 was too much of a long list. We had to cut it down. So we started to think about the pros and cons. Was there anything about this project that could potentially block us in the future? With this mentality, we cut the list to three candidatees. 
<br/>
Our list was: 
1. Spicetify
2. Open Collective 
3. Docusaurus

Before the end of next week, we are supposed to know our project. Fingers crossed! 

Until next time, 
<br/>
Julissa 
