---
layout: post
title: "Week 14: Finishing Up and Getting Ready to Present" 
---

# The End is Around the Corner
 Open source was not on my radar before this class, and I am disappointed that I didn't know about it more beforehand. I would see the licenses being used on GitHub without knowing what it is or what it signifies. I am also a bit sad that I couldn't participate in BUGS. Although my journey at NYU is about to end (took a while to write because it is bittersweet), I will continue to participate in open source projects. To participate in open source projects, you do not have to contribute with code or to a software projects. This week I noticed the tremendous amount of projects that are not related to software but about providing awareness. OpenLibrary, for instance, provides you with books for free. FreeSewing provides tutorials to sew your own clothes! OpenSeed Initiative helps our environment to maintain its diverse amount of foods and plants. They are made to make an impact and create a community and most if not all are successful in doing that. I am also happy that what my group and I envisioned is coming together. 

<!--more-->
> **_NOTE:_** It is crazy how this semester flew by. It was as if it was just January, and I am not sure where the time went. It is extremely nerve-wrecking but at least I am happy to say that I am happy to have contributed to an open source project. I can't believe that the semester is almost over but new things will come! 

# Almost Done: We are almost ready to GIT it PUSH (sorry for the bad pun)
The application is almost done. We have finished the presentation and added the extra things that we needed to add. It is extremely cute and Spotify themed. The theme is done, however, we are also adding it to the application. The functionality is done but it is just fixing how it looks. I believe I am done with my timer but we are still working on the API. The application looks really cute and functionable. I am super excited to put it on the marketplace for other people to use. Can you imagine if other people use it? We would be making an impact on the lives of others despite how small it would be. Nevertheless, this is our project and everyone can see what we have done to make it. Our next and final challenge is to present in front of the class and demonstrate what we have been working on all of these weeks! 

Until next time (for the last time), 
</br> Julissa Laignelet

