---
layout: post
title: "Week 12: From Extension to Application with Spicetify" 
---

# The Use of Open Source
The presentation that was done by Christopher was inspiring. It was evident that he was passionate about where he works. Moreover, it was a project that he could use. 

## Motivation, Contributions, etc. 
Open source means different things for different companies. For some open-source is the heart of the company, and it is what they believe in. For others open source allows them to progress and innovate more. However, there differences that was evident between Tidepool and other enterprise organizations as Christopher was going through the presentation. 
1. Focus: Tidepool is a healthcare-focused company that is motivated to use open source that allows for trasnparency and community-driven innovation in the medical technology space. Enterprise, on the other hand, might be more about using open source to allow for a reduced amount of development time or even costs. Moreover, open source projects allow for companies to build upon what they already have so companies can use the code and shift it to fit their narrative. 
2. Scope: Tidepool is a company that has more of a specific focus: healthcare. Therefore, they might use and develop specific healthcare-related projects. Enterprises might use projects that are more general and more able to work with the whole company. The broader the technology then the larger scale it could be used. This would allow for the enterprise to efficiently use their resources. 

Nevertheless, despite the difference in their uses, open-source is a tool that companies are using more and more to advance and to provide for new innovation. Open source, moreover, allows for contribution to be made, thus, allowing for those that are using the comapny to feel as if they are getting a transparent relationship and is part of the communty as a whole. 

<!--more-->
# Our Progress: Closer to Creating a Full Application

> **_NOTE:_** Things are bound to change depending on the progress that you have on the project. Not everything will be perfect from the start but it is a matter of understanding where you can change to finish the final project! 

## ATTENTION: Change of Plans

In the beginning like I mention in my Week 11 blog, our plan was to create an extension. However, after we began to code and understand the code in order to develop an extension, we realized that what we wanted to create was more of an application. We also contacted the support system on Discord to make sure that it was more of an applicaiton instead of an extension and they did confirm. That made us change the repo that we were using and how we were going to code. Once we went to the application route, things went a lot more smoother. It was easier to change the sidebar and add in interactions. 

## Setback
Challenges are always occuring in a project that is being developed. Challenges are not bad things but rather helps for innovation to occur. As group, we had the challenge of knowing what to do next and when this application will be finished. We have a lot of ideas that we want to implement but we don't know if we will have enough time to finish it. A way we can fix this is by putting hard deadlines and try to get a new version of the application by the end of each week. 

An issue that I have is the button at the top. There aren't applications that use the button at the top which makes it harder to understand where I can change in order to add a button at the top but I think I am close to figuring it out. If not, then we can add another functionality somewhere in the main page. We also have the image of the application to be placed to be done. It is going be geared toward the studying aspect with the word study in the middle and a book in the background. Our theme is also almost done! It just needs a few more updates before we can publish it and then we can do it more with it. We believe that we might be finished by next week. 

Things are going smoothly and I believe we will have a good final product to show to the class. 

Until next time, 
Julissa 