---
layout: post
title: "Week 13: Close to Wrapping Up" 
---

# The Cathedral and the Bazaar in 2024
The Cathedral and the Bazaar was interesting to read. It was short and could be related the regular developer or the one that has clients. It's interesting how nowadays many developers use a hybrid approach, collaborative and open approach while still being structured. I think that each model whether the Categedral or the Bazaar has its pros and cons but it depends on what is needed. But my favorite lesson still remains: "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)."
<!--more-->
# ""Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse). "
Many like I did could relate to the quote. It is easy to code. In theory, anybody could code if they really wanted to. It is a skill that can be attained. But it is harder to rewrite to fit it to your needs and worse to reuse it for multiple tasks. You need to know what you are doing and what you want to do. And those are skills that you attain after completing a lot of projects or practiicng. Many, during the class time, spoke how it was difficult to know how to reuse the code. Often times, we make the code specific for one purpose, thus, making it harder to reuse it, and I couldn't agree more. Code is not unique. Your solution could have been done a million times before you. Thus, it is skill to know what you are trying to look for and how to attain. 

# Study Banger First Version is Almost Up
We have had a lot of progress this week, and I believe we are almost done with the application. 

## What do we have
For the most part, everything is almost done. We are currently working on the backend and connecting it to the frontend. We have the page that is shown to people once they click on the Study Banger image on the sidebar. If they click on the side bar, they will see a button and an initation page. The page contains a book animation as well as a button on the top. The book animation is about a book opening up and then the button is meant to "turn on" the application. Once they click on the button, they will be brought to a different page that will have the albums. The albums are meant to help people study or become focused. The Starry Night theme is also done. We are trying to currently add the theme to application and fuse our two projects into one. Two challenges that we are having is connecting the backend to the frontend and adding the theme to the application. We want the theme to be added to the application so that all of our work is connected plus it would look good to have night theme for a Study Banger applications that have studying music. A challenge that I have is to add in the second version. We believe we wanted to add a twenty five minute timer and a 5 minute break. I am working on how to do that while we finish with the first version. OHowever, we believe these challenges will be solved by next week. 

> **_NOTE:_** The semester is almost over, and presentations are coming close. This semester has been the quickest it has ever been! 

Until next time, 
<br/> Julissa